Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Subtitles by explosiveskull
www.OpenSubtitles.org
Why do we keep
remaking old trends?
Shit.
How are we breathing new life
into the old?
Are we adding something new?
If there is no soul,
there cannot be life.
So, do we cater
to the masses
or do we create art only for
the few who dare experience it?
Oh, well, well, well.
And what excuse is it this time
for interrupting the energy flow
of the start of the day
by dropping in
just whenever you see fit?
Hmm?
Rose Miller!
I'm addressing you, yeah?
You disrupt my day, and you have
nothing to say for yourself?
Well, I was almost in a car
accident this morning...
I don't want
your bullshit excuses!
I want you in to work on time!
Something funny to you?
Schadenfreude.
The pleasure derived from
someone else's misfortune.
Danke schoen, my sweet Rose.
Relax.
You helped me illustrate
a point.
Everyone, come close.
In each one of us,
there is someone
we don't want to show the world.
A part of us that takes pleasure
in seeing those around us fail.
A dark passenger who wants the
self to persevere at any cost.
This is human psychology, hmm?
And this is what my new
collection embraces.
The dark night of the soul.
That is Schadenfreude.
Gunter needs these finished
before tonight.
Mm, got it.
Thank you, Aurora.
Why don't you just throw down
the whole carcass
while you're at it?
Hey, Rose.
I have a fun idea.
You're going to the show
tonight, right?
Unfortunately, yes.
We should go to the after
party together.
We can have some fun,
blow off some steam.
Nah.
Uh, what?
It's essentially a waste
of time.
I mean, it's good for people
that are good at networking.
But I don't know,
I'm just better at letting
my work speak for itself.
Even though apparently
it doesn't say anything.
Why don't you be my date?
What?
It doesn't have to be
anything serious,
but I'd like to see you
tonight.
Is that okay?
Yeah, sure.
Great.
I'll see you tonight.
Hey, Rose,
can you take this in for me?
I need to go down another size.
This is ridiculous.
If you went down another size,
Chels, it would be ridiculous.
Nothing tastes as good
as skinny feels.
Well, I never eat anything
processed and I feel great.
I don't know how
you even stay alive.
I could never do the whole
vegetarian thing.
I mean, how do you give up
bacon?
I don't know, I just don't like
hurting anything.
Doesn't it ever bother you that
you're eating something dead?
You're either the food,
or the thing eating the food.
What do you even eat?
I don't know, organics.
B12 supplements for energy.
You know, even a lot of meat
eaters don't get enough B12.
It's really important... oh!
Rose,
you've got to live a little.
I really do worry about you.
Come to the party with me after?
Um, actually, I was already
planning on going.
Brad sort of invited me.
Shut up.
It finally happened?
It's not a big deal.
We're just meeting there after,
but, um, he did sort of call me
his date.
Oh, my God, Rose!
This is so good for you.
What are you wearing?
Hmm?
Oh, I mean, probably this.
No!
Yeah.
No, and don't say that
to anyone,
not even as a joke.
I'm going to pick something out.
It's going to be fun,
and you're going to look hot.
Ross?
No, uh, Rose.
First name.
Last name, Miller.
And they put you on here
tonight?
Yeah, I should be.
I did the list myself.
Uh-huh.
Hey, baby.
What's up, baby?
Okay, Rose Miller.
Rose... Miller.
Ah, here we are.
All right, have yourself
a good night.
Yeah.
Ladies!
Thank you.
Hey, Rose!
Sorry, what?
It's loud in here.
Come on.
Better?
Yeah.
You look hideous.
Thank you.
You look... you look nice.
Shit.
Don't you want to say hi
to the boss?
No, I do not.
I make myself look like an idiot
every time I'm in front of him.
Who cares?
It's a transition job.
My passion is photojournalism.
It's stupid.
I mean, it's not stupid,
but it's...
It doesn't pay much,
so I do this.
Beats shooting weddings.
Can I ask you why
photojournalism?
Yeah, um...
Well, for me, true beauty
lies within the things
we have yet to uncover.
To be part of the discoveries,
to be a part of history.
You ever want to be a part
of something bigger?
What is it you really want
to do?
Well, I want to...
I want to work in fashion.
Yeah, but after that.
Oh.
- Shit, I...
- It's fine.
No, I'm sorry.
- No, it's stupid.
- Awkward.
Don't worry.
Don't take this the wrong way,
but why would you ever want
to work in fashion?
I just love the way
that clothes make you feel.
You can literally be anybody,
become anything.
It's like armor, you know?
When you walk out the door,
you're arming yourself.
That's why I want to design.
I want to help...
I want to help people
feel strong.
I want to help them...
Yeah, it's stupid.
You were right.
- No.
- No, it's...
- It's not.
- It's fine.
What you just said to me,
you need to tell Gunter.
Come on.
- No, no, no.
- Yeah.
No, I can't!
You can, it's fine.
I'll come with you!
I literally can't.
He loves me.
I borrowed this
from his collection.
I'm not supposed to be
wearing it.
What?
Yeah.
This is Gunter's?
He would kill me.
Again.
You are full of secrets.
Yup.
Wow.
Is he still there?
No, um...
It, uh, looks like your secret's
safe with me.
Where are my manners?
Can I get you a drink?
Sure.
What do you want?
Anything. Surprise me.
I thought I just did.
I'll be back.
Shh!
Oh, my God.
Did you see Rose Miller
with Brad Hart?
Oh, my God,
how could I miss Scarface?
I can't believe
she actually came.
Chels told me she asked Brad
to ask her out.
Seriously?
Chels does everything
for that girl. Why?
I don't know, Chels's family
fostered Rose or something.
She lost her whole family
in a car accident.
I mean, look at her face,
it must've been bad.
I feel sorry for Brad.
He's just too nice.
Chelsea's too nice.
I just don't get Rose.
She's so weird and sad.
You think Brad's gonna
give her a pity fuck?
Oh, my God, totally.
He'd fuck anything.
Okay, you good?
Yeah, of course.
Yeah, okay, just fucking go!
Oh, my God, Rose.
You look good.
Did you ask Brad
to bring me here?
Oh, fuck. Who told you?
God, I am so humiliated.
Why would you do this to me?
You really liked him
and he was into it.
Great, yeah, I'm glad
he was really into it.
That's not what I meant!
What did you mean, Chels?
I didn't ask you for help.
I don't want to be here.
I don't need any more
charity from you, okay?
Rose, this isn't charity.
You're like family to me.
Don't do this!
Rose!
I was only trying to help!
Rose, fuck! Fuck!
Dr. Mantel, obstetrics.
Rose?
Oh, my goodness. Rose?
Someone get in here!
Sweetheart, it's okay.
Please don't move.
Doctor! She's up! Nurse?
Hey, hey, hey.
You're going to be okay.
Do you remember what happened?
The accident?
You got hurt.
I'm so sorry.
It's all my fault.
Well, you're awake.
Welcome back, Ms. Miller.
Now, can we raise you up?
Do you remember
what happened?
There was an accident.
Please don't try to talk.
You've been out for a week,
and we're very happy
to have you back with us.
Now, my name is Dr. Keloid,
I'm the attending physician
at St. Agnes'.
Okay, look at me.
Okay.
Do you remember
what brought you here?
There was damage on your face,
I'm afraid,
particularly your jaw.
Some of it couldn't be
reattached,
so we had to wire it shut
for now
until we can talk about
reconstruction options.
It's okay.
The bike punctured
your abdomen,
and it ripped out a significant
portion of your intestine.
But not to worry,
with a proper diet,
you'll be able to live
a perfectly normal life
with a shortened organ.
Now, we only had
a Chelsea Cottrell
listed as your emergency
contact.
That's me.
Her parents are deceased.
My parents were her foster
family.
Oh, good, good.
It's very important
that she have all the support
she can get right now.
Oh, of course.
Now, I want you to keep in mind
that this is going to be
a process,
just like everything else
in life.
I don't think there's any point
in your worrying about
the aesthetic right now.
Good.
And good, yeah.
Good, easy there.
Right, give her the mirror.
It's okay, it's okay.
We strongly suggest staying away
from mirrors right now.
You have to focus
on your rest and recovery.
We have more than a few weeks
before we can even think about
you leaving this room.
I know it's a lot to take in.
Please take your time.
We'll give you some privacy.
Hey.
You okay?
You're alive,
and that's the most important
thing.
I'm sorry, Rose.
It's really competitive.
But hey, Gunter didn't
charge you for the dress.
Rose, you are like a sister
to me.
I know you don't let people in
and I'm sure you have
your reasons,
but I'm not going anywhere.
I'm sorry I fucked up,
but I'm gonna make it up
to you.
I had to move your stuff
somewhere
so I moved it into my place.
You've seen it. It's huge.
It's important you're not alone
right now.
Oh, sweetheart.
Hey, hey, hey.
It'll be all right, okay?
Okay, and here we go!
Ta-da! You're home.
I unpacked some of your stuff,
but I didn't want to do
the whole serial killer thing
and go through everything,
so some of it's still in boxes.
Fridge is here,
and filled with organic veggies
because I love you.
Oh, I even got some organic
baby food,
I've been eating it
and it's, like, amazing.
Blender is over here.
It comes one cup per serving.
So, you can just put your slurry
in there
and whack it in the machine
when it's done!
I think I even found
a pomegranate.
Oh, right. No seeds, sorry.
Bedroom is here, and I'm there,
so, like, right there
if you need me.
Don't mention it.
I've got to grab a few things
so I'll be back in two hours,
four if traffic is shit.
Can I get you anything?
Are you going to be okay?
Really yes?
Or you don't want me to feel bad
for having to go out, yes?
Okay, good.
Please help yourself
to anything.
This is your home now, too.
Okay?
Um, I left Brad's e-mail
by your computer.
I gave him yours.
He feels really bad,
but never mind.
You just take care of you!
I'm sorry I fucked things up
between you two.
He really is a nice guy.
He helped me move your stuff in.
So sweet.
I'm happy you're here.
Transhumanism.
The belief or theory that
the human race can evolve
beyond its current physical
and mental limitations,
especially by means of science
and technology.
The term "transhumanism"
originated in a paper
from Canadian philosopher
W.D. Lightfall in 1940.
In 1957, biologist Julian
Huxley would use the same
as a title for his own paper
on the subject,
and go on to be known
as the founder of the movement.
He theorized that the human
species can, if it wishes,
transcend itself not
just sporadically,
an individual here in one way,
an individual there
in another way,
but in its entirety,
as humanity.
Despite the clear benefits
of the movement,
FDA restrictions threatened
to eliminate any advancements.
The Burroughs Clinic found
an opportunity
within the challenge.
In exchange for minimal
blood work,
families involved
in the Burroughs tests
were supplied with a lifetime
of complete medical coverage,
with opportunities
for special cases
to experience medical
breakthroughs
that are currently unavailable
to the public.
We look forward to hearing
from you.
Wow!
I would do some pretty
sketchy things
to get free medical
from a place like this.
Sorry, just trying to lighten
the mood.
Ooh, I like her nose.
Okay, sorry!
We're here for you, not me.
Okay, come on. Over here.
You okay?
Okay, oh, there she is.
It's nice.
Fancy.
- Hello.
- Hello!
We have an appointment
for Rose Miller.
Uh, okay, just want
to sign in there.
Right at the bottom.
If I may.
It is a pleasure to meet you.
My wife, Cynthia, and I
founded this institute
to help people like you.
Your attending physician,
Keloid,
brought your case
to our attention.
He felt that you would be
an excellent candidate
for one of our experimental
procedures.
Stem cell manipulation.
It's not a new science,
but it is the key to life.
If you qualify,
all costs are covered.
And from what I've seen,
you certainly fit
the necessary requirements.
We live in a country that has,
in many ways,
failed to meet the health care
needs of its citizens.
We are a research facility,
one of the leaders in
regenerative medicine,
and we need human subjects
for our work.
It's a mutually beneficial
arrangement.
You will not be our first
patient,
and certainly not our last.
It's really a matter of
bureaucratic paperwork,
in my opinion,
that keeps life-changing
treatments like this
from being made widely available
to the public.
They are already being sold
to the most wealthy.
Take a moment with your friend.
I'll be right outside whenever
you're ready.
Pretty good, right?
Look, the hospital bills
were ridiculous,
and I don't know if you've
looked
at reconstructive payment
options.
I don't know how those people
sleep at night.
I know this is completely
unfair, Rose, but honestly?
What do you have to lose?
I'm sorry, come here,
sweetheart.
We'll figure something out,
we will.
Let me look at you.
You the boyfriend?
What?
Oh. Uh, no.
I'm just someone
who cares.
Oh.
That's considerate.
Do you have a moment
to speak about her?
Sure.
You need it
like you need
pernicious anemia.
We don't like to hear
the word "vampire" here.
Trying to improve our PR.
"Interdependence"
is the keyword.
Enlightened interdependence.
Life in all its rich variety.
Take a little, leave a little.
However,
by the inexorable logistics
of the vampiric process...
Hmm.
...they always take more
than they leave.
Mmm.
Hmm.
Are you okay?
I'm recovering.
Well, quite well,
from where I'm standing.
You look familiar.
You're not a fan
of daytime television?
Major Medical,
starring Dominic Danvers
as Dr. Tony Calabria.
What are you
doing here?
Uh, just a little
routine maintenance.
Wow.
Oh, my God.
That's my line.
Hey!
Fuck.
Fuck!
I think I got up last night...
and a strange...
Like, a dream,
but I felt like
I was awake.
Where did you go?
The swimming pool.
Dreams reveal so much
about the self.
Open, please.
Our inner truths,
desires.
Our fears.
Did you go into the water?
Yeah. Yes, I did.
In dreams,
water symbolizes emotion.
To enter into
a pool of water
suggests that you are
exploring your unconscious;
trying to get to know,
understand,
and appreciate yourself
more.
It's a lovely dream,
one I've had myself.
But sleep
is important.
You mustn't
push yourself.
If you push yourself
too hard,
it can affect
the way your mind
processes information.
That's what gives you
this feeling of a waking dream.
Your body
has been through a lot.
You may feel weakened.
Actually, I feel great.
I feel strong. Very strong.
Terrific.
"Terrific" as in
I-can-go-home terrific?
I insist.
We'll want to see you
back here again
to document
the healing process.
Of course.
But you can schedule that
on your way out.
There are one or two
side effects
of the procedure
that I should mention.
We have created, essentially,
immortal skin grafts.
Now, these medications
I'm giving you
will help ease
the transformation.
But when you're tired,
you must rest.
Otherwise,
it can give you
nausea, dizziness,
even quite vivid
hallucinations.
You're also going to have
very specific dietary
requirements.
Drink these
when you have difficulty
keeping
other foods down.
Can I ask you what's in them?
A super protein
that's easy to digest
and has been
specifically designed
for your
nutritional requirements.
It's nothing to worry about.
Okay. Thank you,
Dr. Burroughs.
Oh, you're welcome, Rose.
Um, hi.
Oh, my God. Rose?
That's amazing!
Can they do me next?
Let me look at you.
Wow.
What?
No glasses?
Well, I mean,
I don't need them anymore.
Okay, Spider-Man.
You're just...
You look so different.
I'm still me, Chels.
I'm so happy for you.
Oh, thank you.
I'm going to work.
Call me if you
need anything, okay?
Yeah.
I'm not sure what to do
with myself all day.
Maybe recover
from major surgery?
Jesus, Rose.
You're the only person I know
who gets time off
and wants to work.
You should do something
for yourself for a change.
Design.
Feel inspired.
Um, I really appreciate you
taking the time
to look at my work.
These are very commercial.
What you have created
is very polished
and very pretty.
But it's formulaic.
Boring. Safe.
I have already
forgotten them.
Who are you, Rose?
Do you know?
I can take criticism.
I can do better.
Let me show you
something different.
I've always wanted to be
a designer.
I can do so much more
than you have...
Rose!
Is there something
I can help you with?
Hey, Rose.
Would you open the door?
Holy shit.
I mean, fuck.
You look...
Hideous, right?
Nah.
How did they do that?
Experimental skin grafts.
It's incredible.
It's like the accident
never even happened.
No.
It's not like it never happened.
That's, um...
That's not what I meant.
Uh, I'm just glad you're okay.
Chels said to
leave you alone,
so I figured you were
still staying there.
Yeah. Well,
Chels says a lot of things.
Yeah. She does.
Um, I wanted to apologize
for everything.
It's fine.
But it was stupid of me to think
you'd actually just ask me out,
right?
Hey, come on.
It's not like that.
What do you say
I make it up to you, huh?
Let me take you out
tonight.
I'm busy tonight.
What about tomorrow?
I'm busy tomorrow, too.
You're going to make this tough
on me, aren't you?
No.
Bye, Brad.
You turned down Brad?
Mm-hmm.
I swear I had
nothing to do with that.
It just feels bad.
I don't need his pity.
Well, you know
you're pretty now, right?
You don't have to
be nice.
That's horrible.
Oh, I'm glad you let me
drag you out tonight.
You never come out
with me.
You said one drink, so...
And I totally
meant it.
- Hi.
- Good evening, ladies.
You don't need to...
Not tonight.
Cameron, come with me,
huh?
We do the Arabian
tonight?
Mmm. Perfect.
Thank you.
Rose Miller?
I'm addressing you,
yes.
Mein Gott.
Look at you.
Who are you wearing?
I'm actually wearing
one of my designs.
Your design?
Mm-hmm.
Something new, I can see.
I am impressed.
Someone looks like
she is well enough to
come back to work, huh?
Actually, yes. I am.
I could come back on Monday.
I'd love to work on
the Shadenfreude Collection
with you again.
I would very much like that,
too, Rose.
We launch in two months, huh?
There's so much work to be done.
I'm glad to see you
looking healthy.
Thank you.
Now, please. Don't let me down.
I won't.
And you, schnookie-flutz,
remember you have
a photo shoot,
9:00 a.m. tomorrow,
yeah?
No drinking.
I'll only have a few.
No, no.
Ein drink, huh?
Vodka and soda.
I don't want you getting fat.
Let's go, dear.
Who was that?
She is stunning.
Yeah. She's my assistant.
Bubba,
where's the car?
It's just up the street.
I have to walk?
Oh, my God.
He practically begged you
to come back.
Please. I hardly noticed.
Shut up.
We're celebrating.
Jesus, Dom, you're burning up.
What the fuck are you on, hmm?
It's always
so goddamn hot in here.
Yeah.
Can we get a little air in here,
for Christ's sakes?
It's like a seniors' home.
Someone, can we get
some air for Dom, please?
Will someone get on that?
Ice cubes or something?
Dom, you want ice cubes?
You all right,
brother?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm good.
- You ready to hunt, brother?
- Yep.
It's not brain surgery, Cindy.
It's the same shit every week.
You're being mean
to me.
I can't concentrate when
you're being mean to me.
Just try to fuck up on
your coverage. Not mine, okay?
Guys? This is fucking real,
this connection.
Let's do this. Let's do this.
Let's see what happens.
Let's do this.
Library quiet.
Like a fucking mouse.
I love, I love, I love where
you guys have taken this scene.
Let's get the energy
into this scene, right?
Not pretty, okay?
Yeah. Pretty.
Yeah? You ready?
On your time? You ready?
- Let's do this.
- You ready? Okay.
We're rolling, guys. On your
time. Namaste. Let's do this.
Ah. Action. Action.
I can't keep lying
to my husband, Tony.
It's never been
a problem before.
Oh!
Dominic... Ow!
You're hurting me.
Dominic, you're hurting me! Ow.
Get off.
Okay. Whoa,
whoa, whoa! Cut, cut, cut.
For fuck's sakes.
Try to act like
a fucking professional, okay?
Hey, you know what? Don't talk
to me like that, all right?
One sec. Cindy, one second.
Can I?
Ralph?
Yeah?
I'm just here to bear witness
to your truth, brother.
It's fucking awesome. Right?
- Okay?
- Yeah.
It's a bit weird in this scene.
- Got it.
- So, let's bring
- the intensity down.
- All right.
Feel this fuckin'
wild animal beating?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Just let it be
a flower.
Let it open up.
A flower. Okay.
- Ready to go?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Cindy, you okay,
sweetheart? Ouch.
- You all right?
- Yeah.
Pain can be a gift.
Just fucking go with it.
Don't throw it away.
Next time we'll get magic.
- Okay.
- You ready to go?
Yeah. Let's go.
Yeah. I'm ready.
Stop. Idea. Fuckin' idea.
Trent, Trent?
We got Trent on set?
Trent?
Right here.
In the fucking scene.
Eat a piece of cherry pie.
Trent? Who's Trent?
Watch Cindy
the whole scene.
What the fuck, right?
Evening, y'all.
Who's he?
Who the fuck is this?
Trent Taylor.
I'm playing the new doctor.
Doctor?
How old is he?
There's no new doctor
in my script.
Just go. You're
a fucking artist. Work, man.
Oh, really?
Is something funny,
you little fuck?
You piece of shit!
You fuck. Fuck!
Fuck!
- Ugh!
- No, man.
It's good to
meet you.
My mom is a big fan
of yours.
Follow it!
Ugh!
Oh, my God.
Fuck. What am I doing?
Shit.
Oh, shit.
Chelsea? Please pick up.
Please pick up.
Okay. Please, sir.
I've calmed down now.
Can I go back inside now?
No.
Your night is done.
Look.
I'm going to get you both fired.
My friends are still inside,
all right?
It doesn't matter.
You got to go home.
Get your hands...
Get your hands off me?
You're lucky I don't kick
both your asses, right now.
Yeah. Take a number.
What's up, beautiful?
My name is Billy.
What's your name?
Hey, excuse me.
What are you, a mute?
What, you can't
fucking talk?
Hey, I'm talking to you.
You know, that's just
fucking typical.
Bitch thinks
she's all that.
You know, when someone
pays you a compliment,
learn how to fuckin'
say thank you.
Yeah, pretend like
you're on the phone.
You fuckin' whore.
Seriously, you ain't
all that, sweetheart.
You're like
a New Jersey six.
You don't got a man
as hot as I am.
Jesus Christ, lady. You trying
to give me a heart attack?
Looking good, though.
Can you give me a ride?
Oh, boy, can I.
Anywhere you want to go, toots.
Get in.
Okay, blondie.
What's your name?
Rose.
Rose?
My name is Billy.
So, where can I take you,
Rose?
Nowhere.
Nowhere, now?
I knew you were
a dirty little slut
the instant I... Ow!
Too rough for you?
Now you're really
going to get it.
Ow.
Try and stop me.
Ugh!
Please!
Excuse me?
Hello?
Mr. Taylor?
Mr. Taylor, what are you doing
out of bed?
You just had
reconstructive surgery.
Oh, you can't take
your bandages off just yet.
There's still going to be
a lot of swelling.
What you're seeing
isn't indicative
of what's going to be
the results.
Come on.
He bit me! He bit me!
You did the right thing
coming to see me.
Tell me more about
these meat cravings.
It's not just the meat.
It's...
It's the blood.
There's something
about it.
It's not uncommon
for patients
to report changes
in taste post-surgery.
It's a side effect
of the anesthesia.
Things don't taste the same.
We crave things
we've never eaten before.
How's your appetite?
I'm hungry all the time.
I can't keep anything down.
I have these
severe stomach pains,
and when
the pain is too much,
that's when
the hallucinations start.
And I see myself...
Please.
Miss Miller?
I'm drinking blood.
You're dreaming.
I know it seems real,
but it isn't.
Look.
There isn't much that we know
about dreams.
But one thing we do know is that
it is the time
the mind takes to heal.
Why am I dreaming about
drinking blood?
Well, people who dream about
drinking blood
often have
unfulfilled yearnings.
It's tied to the guilt
of desire.
I don't feel guilty.
Are you in control
of the dreams,
or do the dreams control you?
Sometimes I am in control
of them.
Sometimes it just seems like
I'm watching myself.
Like, I'm me,
but I'm somebody else.
These nightmares...
Hallucinations.
It's making me feel like
I'm becoming a monster.
Well,
I'm sorry to disappoint you,
but your monster
is psychological,
as most monsters are.
It's your own creation.
You don't recognize yourself
in the mirror,
so you see this monster.
When will this feeling
of dissociation go away?
When will I start feeling
like myself again?
Well, that's up to you,
Rose.
We see
what we want to see,
and some things,
we refuse to see.
But we are the creators
of our own reality, Rose,
and we are the editors
of them as well.
Excuse me, Miss Miller.
Gunter,
I'm sorry I'm late.
Late?
What have we here?
That...
Who did these drawings?
You?
Yes.
They're not ready yet.
You can take some time
to look at them later.
They seem ready to me.
I'm sorry.
Is this, um...
Are you serious,
or is this Shadenfreude?
Because I'm...
Nein, nein.
This is Shadenfreude.
My work is...
Yeah. Yeah.
For my collection,
I want you to build
and design this one
with me.
Thank you.
That...
Gunter,
that would be amazing.
Thank you for
this opportunity.
I won't let you down.
See, these designs,
these are the essence
of my collection.
The Dark Night
of the Soul, huh?
What is the face
we show no one, hmm?
Who are we when no one
is watching?
Hmm?
Dr. Riley?
Yes?
Dr. Beverly.
We spoke on the phone.
Oh, of course.
I really appreciate
the CDC coming
as quickly as you did for this.
Ah, well, I only wish
we'd been made aware
of the situation sooner.
Are you sure it's rabies?
It was very difficult
to diagnose.
It seems to be a mutated,
hyperactive strain,
and it's extremely
aggressive.
We have no idea
what started it.
All we do have
is what we believe to be
our first reported case,
Dominic Danvers.
What's his
current condition?
Not good.
We need to find out
what bit him.
Are you still
avoiding me?
No. I've just been busy
dealing with
a few little health concerns.
Oh.
You feeling okay?
Yeah. No, I'm totally fine.
I actually just got back
from the clinic.
Burroughs?
Mm-hmm.
And he said?
That I just have to give it
some more time.
Oh.
Did he say
anything else?
That I should remember to eat.
Does that mean you'll let me
take you out for dinner?
I walked into that one,
didn't I?
Straight into it.
So, how's your appetite?
Uh, insatiable.
I'm honestly hungry
all the time.
The only thing I've been
able to keep down
is the recovery
protein shakes
from the clinic.
Well, let's get you fed.
What looks good?
Uh, actually,
I don't know.
My stomach has been
kind of screwy
since the surgery.
Is that what you went to
the clinic about?
Yeah.
Yeah. That, and you know,
I haven't been having
the greatest of nights.
How do you mean?
I've been having
these nightmares.
It's stupid,
but I think it's
because of the accident.
You've been having nightmares?
Yeah. I...
I feel like I'm awake
when I'm having them.
They feel very real.
Is that how it feels?
Uh, no. I...
Ignore me. I'm sorry.
I'm tired.
I don't even know
what I'm saying.
But thank you
for asking.
You don't have to
feel sorry for me.
I don't.
I care about you, Rose.
You do?
Yeah.
Can I, um,
be honest
about something?
Oh, God. Okay.
No. It's, uh...
It's important.
I'm sorry I...
Shit.
Oh, shit.
You okay?
Sorry. I think
I just bit my tongue.
I'll be right back.
Yeah.
Rose?
I'm sorry. I just...
I have... I have to go.
What? Everything okay?
Something I said?
Just... it's, um...
it's my stomach.
I just really need
to go home. I'm sorry.
Okay, well, I'll go with you.
No, it's fine. Just stay
here and enjoy the food.
No, I'll take you.
Hey! Get away from her!
God!
What the fuck?
Rose?!
Rose!
Jesus!
See, the virus compromises
the nervous system,
causing the brain
to misfire its signals,
effectively driving
the victim insane.
It puts them in a rage, causing
violent and erratic behavior.
It makes them a danger
to themselves and to others.
What can we do?
I mean, poor Dana.
No, this isn't
Dana anymore.
We have to vaccinate anyone
without an advanced case
and isolate those
showing symptoms.
Jesus Christ.
We've seen some showing
incubation periods
as little as
48 hours already.
How is that possible?
Unknown.
But with a mutant strain
that can incubate
in less than 48 hours,
we could be
looking at an epidemic
unlike anything
the world has ever seen.
What about the infected
showing symptoms?
I say we keep them comfortable,
until they terminate.
But we also need to
keep them out of view.
We do not want to cause
mass hysteria.
This little one,
he's got a lot of painful
procedures ahead of him.
But at least he's
not going to have rabies.
It spreads like an STD,
but for this many people
to have contracted the virus
and not have a common
connection is impossible.
Something is connecting and
linking these people together.
You think it's
an infected human.
No, I don't think it's human.
But what I do believe is
that something has come in close
contact with a lot of people,
and if we don't stop it,
it's going to come in close
contact with a lot more.
We're issuing a public
health warning.
No, no, no. Listen to me.
If this gets on the news,
it's going to cause a panic.
What we need to do is quarantine
all of the infected people
before it gets out of the city.
Rabies is one of the deadliest
viruses known to man,
and with a mutated
strain like this,
if we do not stop it,
it could infect all of mankind.
So, what we need
to do is get an autopsy
on Dominic Danvers before it's
too late, we need to...
Jesus Christ.
Hey! Lower your weapons!
This man was sick!
He came to the hospital
because he needed help!
Miss...
Miss, are you okay?
Easy, easy.
You know, you really shouldn't
be out here
by yourself this time of night.
Are you okay?
Miss, can I help you?
Just please... whoa.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
You don't want to
go in there.
It's okay. It's okay.
I'm not going to hurt you.
Hello, this is Burroughs.
Please leave a detailed message
as well as a number that you
may be reached at. Thank you.
If this an emergency,
please call my associate
Dr. Elliot on the main
directory at extension four.
Dr. Burroughs, it's Rose.
I've been having
vivid nightmares
and stomach pains.
Maybe I should be taking
more of something,
or, I don't know,
less of something.
Uh, please call me.
Life begats life.
Energy creates energy.
It is only through
spending oneself
that one becomes rich.
Now, you must push
yourselves completely,
until there is nothing left.
Nothing. Hmm?
Now, I do not mean
to die for fashion,
but this fashion
is to die for, yeah?
This is fantasy, hmm?
This woman is too
beautiful to exist.
Our fashion
is not everyone.
What's up with you and Brad?
Nothing.
We, uh... we went
on a date last night
and I had an upset stomach,
so I had to leave.
You went on a date with Brad
and you didn't even tell me?
What else are you
hiding from me?
Okay.
He's coming over.
Do you want me to stay?
No, it's fine. Thanks.
Hey.
We need to talk about
what happened last night.
Look, this medication
that I'm on, it's...
It's making me a
little messed up, okay?
To be honest with you,
all I remember is
leaving the restaurant.
I'm not sure how I got home.
I took you.
Rose?
Thank you.
I am waiting on you.
Chelsea, please.
All right, Rose,
what do you see? Hmm?
It's...
It's good.
It's good, but...
But what?
Show me.
Couture. Yeah.
Chelsea, would you give
us one more turn, please?
Yeah.
All the models,
please, line up.
Schnell. Raus.
Move, move, move.
All right.
This dress
will close the show...
on Chelsea.
Close the show?
You mean me?
I mean, us.
Very impressive work, Rose.
Hmm?
If you keep impressing me,
your own line is not
out of the question. Hmm?
Well done.
Thank you.
All right, schnookie-flutzes,
...let's go. Out, out, out.
We have work to do.
A warning
from the Center
of Disease Control
declaring an emergency
alert situation.
An outbreak of rabies
has officials urging
those experiencing
a sudden onset
of flu-like symptoms
to seek immediate
medical attention.
Avoid all animals or humans
exhibiting violent
or erratic behavior.
Residents are strongly
encouraged to stay indoors
at this time.
We pray it doesn't
happen to you.
Gunter.
Ah, Stella, hello, hi.
Now, what do you tell the
critics that are saying
that you premiering
your collection
during a public health crisis
is a tasteless publicity stunt?
Fashion never stops
for anybody or anything.
You know this Stella, hmm?
And we have faced public
health crises before.
I have lost many friends
to AIDS and SARS.
And, you know,
what is this, really?
It's a fucking head cold.
It's nonsense.
We are talking about fashion.
It's not Dateline.
- Okay.
- Get a job on cable.
Gunter, stop talking.
Do you like the blue?
- It's genius.
- Yeah, I thought it was good.
Excuse me.
Hi. Um, have you seen
Chelsea arrive yet?
I can't find her.
Who?
Never mind.
Hello.
Rose. Dr. Burroughs.
I saw that you called.
Listen, I was just
going over your test results
from the last time you were in.
I think you'd better
come back into the clinic
for an extended stay.
It's nothing serious,
but just to err
on the side of caution.
Can you come in tonight?
Um...
I can't tonight,
but I could come tomorrow.
Oh. Well, I suppose that'll
have to be soon enough.
But...
try not to push yourself.
I won't. Thank you.
Shit.
Oh, my...
Chels, what happened?
I had a hard time getting here.
Like, I fucking hate this
country sometimes,
you know what I mean?
Are you okay?
What the fuck
happened to your hand?
Traffic was gridlocked,
so I had to take the subway,
and there's was this
lady and she just...
she went insane
and she fucking bit me,
and then, she was
shot by the police.
You look fucked up.
You sure you're
okay to walk tonight?
Yeah, fine. I just... I didn't
know it would be this hard.
What's hard, sweetheart?
Being beautiful?
Closing the show?
Give me your problems.
Oh my God, Chelsea.
Fuck...
She looks like she
just came from a bukkake,
but I'm convinced
that's her look.
Do some more coke, Michelle.
It's doing wonders for that
already glowing personality.
Stay still.
Hi, it's Chelsea.
I'm too busy to answer
this, obviously. Bye.
Chels, where...
shit.
Did you hear that?
Oh, sh...
What the fuck is wrong
with that bitch, man?
Fuckin' help me.
What the fuck
is going on? Oh, shit.
- Fuck...
- Buddy...
Stop, stop.
Rose, what are
you doing up?
What do you mean?
What happened?
You passed out in the alley.
You don't remember?
No.
We need to get you
out of here.
No, no. I'm fine.
Oh, God...
I've just been under
a lot of pressure lately.
I... Yeah,
I just need to eat something.
Okay, fine, let's get you fed,
a proper meal,
but not here.
I'm taking you to the clinic.
No, no! I already have an
appointment tomorrow.
It can wait.
Rose, Rose.
Rose, it can't wait.
I need to see my dress
close the show.
You know how much I've
sacrificed for this?
I am not going to miss this.
I'm not leaving.
Rose...
Rose!
Fuck.
Whoa.
I know, right?
It's the best dress in
the whole fucking collection.
Hey, where were you?
You all right?
It doesn't matter.
I'm here now.
Do you remember how much
we used to dream of this?
Me closing the show
in one of your designs?
Here we are.
We made it.
How's it feel?
It doesn't feel real,
none of it does.
The show will
be starting in one minute.
Are you sure you're all right?
How couldn't I be?
I wouldn't miss this
for the world.
Do you know how many girls
would kill to be where we are?
It's gonna be your
line next, Rose.
You're gonna be great.
I'm closing
the motherfuckin' show.
I am great. Go.
You don't want
to miss your big moment.
I just wanted to tell you...
Rose,
Gunter's asking for you.
Oh my God, Chelsea,
you're so sweaty.
God, Chelsea,
this way, come on.
We need to leave now.
What?
I know what's going on.
I know you're not
feeling well. Come on.
- No, I'm fine.
- Rose...
Nothing's going on.
I told you that.
We don't have any more time.
Did you hear that?
Is that a part of the show?
Oh my God! Chelsea!
No!
Chelsea!
Chels, no!
Have you lost your mind?!
Chelsea!
Stop!
Police! Don't move!
- We got to get out of here now!
- Chelsea!
Chelsea!
Don't move!
Chels, no!
Chelsea!
Freeze!
No!
Rose, come on.
- No!
- We gotta get the hell out!
- Come on!
Let's go.
You're okay.
Rose, I heard you fainted
and the hallucinations
have become more persistent.
I feel like
I'm losing my mind.
I brought her in
as soon as I could.
Oh God. Chelsea, I should...
It's okay.
You did the right
thing, Mr. Hart.
Rose, I'm so terribly
sorry for the stress
you've suffered
outside this facility.
It was not my intention
to rush things.
Things have gotten
way out of hand outside.
Believe when I tell you that
I have everything under control.
Oh God.
Dr. Burroughs, I'm sick.
Okay.
That virus on the news,
I feel like...
I feel like it came from me.
Things have been
happening around me.
It's not a dream.
It's... it's my fault.
I hurt people
and Chelsea's dead.
Oh God, the way
she looked at me...
Calm yourself, Rose.
Calm yourself!
She looked at me!
Calm yourself.
Have you been
taking your formula?
No.
Oh, no. Come on.
It's all like blood,
that's why I stopped taking it.
Was it blood?
Why would you give me blood?
Look, I know I sound crazy, but
these aren't hallucinations.
Something is very wrong with me.
Blood? These hallucinations
are very persistent.
I think it's time to
come clean with us, Doctor.
All those people are dead
or sick because of me.
Rose, Rose, Rose,
what if I were to tell you
that there was a sickness?
And it is going to kill
100,000 people today,
and it is going to kill
100,000 people every day
until we cure it?
It doesn't matter your
level of health. You could...
it will kill an adult
in the prime of life
as easily as
a new-born or a senior.
It is completely
random and ruthless.
Now, Rose, if you
could save those people,
if you could stop that,
would you do it?
Of course.
Well, that sickness
is already here, Rose.
It is already with us
and it is called death.
We have the means to cure it,
but our hands are tied.
It's just right through there.
What the hell is this?
We have to get out of here.
We should fill Rose in,
shouldn't we, Mr. Hart?
Time to "come clean",
as you put it.
No, let me explain!
I hired Mr. Hart
to keep an eye on you
outside the facility.
What?
He was a perfect
candidate for the position.
He already had
easy access to you,
and when I told
him what you were, well,
he's a journalist;
he couldn't resist a story.
What am I?
Rose, it...
- You knew this whole time?
- No.
I was keeping you safe.
By what? Spying on me?
Like I'm some sort
of science experiment?
No! No, it's not like that.
Then how is it?
I was trying to protect you.
He asked me to!
But I never
asked you to, did I?
- I had no say.
- I know.
I fucked up.
Yeah, you're right.
I did. I did.
Rose, hey...
I love you.
I don't believe you!
So much for your journalistic
integrity, Mr. Hart.
Burroughs, you son of a bitch!
What the fuck is this? Huh?
Is this blood?!
Your mind will
answer most questions
if you learn to relax
and wait for the answer.
What the hell does that mean?!
Read a book.
Your new body is only
limited by its need for blood.
You must feed, Rose.
Stop denying yourself.
At some level, you must have
known that these weren't
hallucinations or nightmares.
There is a predator
in you, Rose,
and it is longing
to be let out.
What have you done to me?
I have simply
allowed you to reach
your greatest
untapped potential...
for the betterment of humanity.
You took away my humanity!
An outdated
and overrated concept.
The human is limited.
You're so much more now, Rose.
Yes, I know
the price is high,
but the cost of all
life is death.
Your body kills cells
to sustain life.
Human beings consumed over 56
billion farm animals last year.
What you do to
achieve immortality
isn't all that different.
And the sacrifice of a few
individuals is worth it.
It's justified
to ensure the survival
of the species.
You have no right to play God.
What God?
We are God.
Ahh! What the fuck?!
Holy shit.
What the hell is that thing?
When we reached the limits
of what could be done
for my wife's cancer,
she donated
her body to the cause.
And now, she represents the
breakthrough in my research.
This?
This is your wife?!
The early part
of the procedure
saved her flesh,
but then, the cancer
itself became immortal,
mutating the human shell
into something... unique.
I don't expect you to
understand the beauty of it.
I was limiting myself
with the restrictions
of a human-based
value system.
Our humanity,
as you put it, Rose,
imposes such constraint.
Cynthia was the first of
many I was able to save
when I freed myself of such
narrow-minded concepts
as humanity.
Rose!
Don't injure yourself!
No!
Feed, Rose.
Don't let his sacrifice
be in vain.
Keep him as part of yourself.
Cynthia!
You get the fuck
away from my wife!
No!
Though there have been
reports of excessive force
being called into effect,
the military has contained
the rabies outbreak.
With vaccinations ineffective,
all patients exhibiting the
virus have been euthanized.
The CDC has lifted
the public emergency
that seems to have left as
suddenly as it started,
and with health officials
still scratching their heads
and wondering
what was the cause.
What was reported as an
outbreak of rabies
has been now
confirmed by officials
as a violent strain of the flu
and the result of
online hysteria.
It looks like you can
go back to trusting
the neighbor next-door,
though many
still remain missing.
No, this isn't for you.
No, you had yours.
No, no, no.
This isn't for you.
This is for our guest. Yes.
Good morning.
No.
Yes, essential immortality is
very expensive, isn't it, dear?
Now, where were we?
Subtitles by explosiveskull
www.OpenSubtitles.org
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org